[DOC] update the download page for 2502.1 hot release [skip ci] (#12282)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/download.md

* Grab the GPU Semaphore when reading cached batch data with the GPU to avoid a GPU OOM case
* Add an option to disable measuring buffer copy to improve large shuffle large partition serialization
* For updates on RAPIDS Accelerator Tools, please visit [this link](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids-tools/releases)

> * Bug fix for some corner cases involving CUDA 12.8 and GB100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgraded statically linked CUDA toolkit to 12.8, which includes support for GB100 GPUs
```
